All kind of any of, any thought, but be embracing this nature. Be embracing that nature with full
of confidence.
Confidence and courage, fearlessness and state. We contain intellectual thought, upper world, all
different, whatever we can think, we can think.
But this time, for half an hour or 20 minutes, 50 minutes, be in that state. Those are known as
stable meditation.
Not disturbed by the intellectual or the consumption force. Then if we have that, then we can
receive, also all other people, all blessings are very beautiful, so be really in that state.
And now, also as you are Buddha Akshobhya state, or Akshobhya, and the teacher is also known as the
Buddha Akshobhyas.
And this as we teach and we are as Akshobhyas, not just only that, but whole universal world is
transformed at the pure land of the Buddha Akshobhyas.
And known as Mompargava. Mompargava is an extremely delighting pure land. That's what pure land of
the Buddha Akshobhya is.
So it really is purely delighted and completely utterly joyful in pure land. Utterly joyful in pure
land. That is the pure land of the Buddha Akshobhyas.
We see that whole universe now transformed in that pure land. And not just the whole universe, but
whole inhabitants already transformed in that pure natural state.
So have that very kind of expanded fearlessness realization in meditation with that, and then you
receive this empowerment.
And well, our teacher is going to perform the ceremony of a Chinese priest.
At that time, you can also visualize, well, the teacher, or when I will use some of these ritual
objects and drums that we use,
at that time you can meditate from the heart center of the teacher, and as well as the speech
center and the Quran chakra emanated and lightest to every different direction.
It was all the blessings of the Buddha's bodies and every enlightened beings, particularly Buddha
Akshobhyas blessings, pure land of the Buddha Akshobhyas blessings.
And all that comes with forms or the form of the Buddha Akshobhyas, and big and small size, and the
mantra of the Buddha Akshobhyas, and the ritual object, what's the mind of the Buddha Akshobhyas?
All syllables such as White Aung, Red Aung, Blue Aung, they are coming as enlightening, or they are
coming as showering, big and small size.
They enter to your three places, and which is forehead, speech center, and heart chakras.
And the particular heart chakra is completely absorbed.
That moment, then our meditation becomes even more strong and more powerful, glorified.
We are completely in the earthly state of the great love and the compassion of wisdom and the great
happiness.
Very delightful, happy, quickly joyful status.
Really feel that, a blissful status.
Well, I'm doing those prayers and particularly using those drums.
So that is what our meditation, with that meditation, and then receive the whole empowerment around
, upon others.
And the empowerment is the, you know, the empowerment of the three major states.
The major body of, empowerment of the Buddha Akshobhyas.
Major speech, empowerment of the Buddha Akshobhyas.
The major words remind, empowerment of the Buddha Akshobhyas.
Those are the three empowerment of the Buddha Akshobhyas.
Okay, so please, now I'm going to chime what I said to you at this recipient world of the Gopiya
Masambhava,
and Kirtan Sahaja Jamsi, and as well as the worlds of the great master Jammu Kundal,
and first Chinti, their worlds, Amcha, reading.
And this means also this world of the Gopiya Masambhava, Hishim Sahaja, and then at Vadashyamuni.
So this is the blessed world that I'm chime in.
And please, go meditate as I make it.